Ouch, Empress
Are you all right son
Look at the good wife you bought.
Don't hit this day
I bullied your mother on the head
Not even a baby
He's a money loser.
Yeah bro this bitch
Dare to run away when you're not at home
I dare to blow birds in your face
You teach me a good lesson
I didn't push him
He fell by himself.
You still quibble
I saw you push my mother with my own eyes
Go home and kowtow
I'm not wrong, I wouldn't be them slandering me
You are talking nonsense.
Brother, don't be deceived by him
All because of him
The mother's demon is afraid
You say
You have to work hard to bring up our brother and sister
He couldn't have kicked him to death.
My sister is right
You are the one who bullied my mother
If you don't admit your mistake today
I'll beat you to death, you bitch
i
admit it or not
I admit it.